Week3 prompt (#67)
gui2de/ppol768-spring23: Class Materials/week-03/README.md

# Week 03

This week's (due 02/06) assignments are:

## Assignment 1 : Form a group

- Follow instructions on [Group Projects](https://github.com/gui2de/ppol768-spring23/blob/aaa8986faf01321d0969bdbe404d887c68a0e95d/Group%20Projects/README.md) to form a group and notify us via the class repository.

## Assignment 2 : Submit a project pitch for your group project.

> - Create a subfolder called `groupX` under the `Group Projects` folder (replacing X by the number of your group)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a subfolder called `group-X` under the `Group Projects` folder (replacing X by the number of your group)
```

- Create an README.md at the root of that folder, where you will write out a pitch for your group project. The pitch will present your topic and your approach for studying it.
- In order to help you think of examples of topics, we have uploaded under the `examples` subfolder some inspiration for the final deliverable you will be producing as a group for this class : in between a pre-analysis plan and a research project presentation. The group project assignments consist of several cumulative milestones (pitch, concept note, tables, final presentation) that will slowly build up to that final product. 
- For this first submission, we do not expect that you will use any real data or do an in-depth literature review, but you should be able to find basic information about your topic online and be able to put together a simple summary of the state of knowledge in the area.

> - Your project pitch should be 2-5 pages long, and respond to the following questions :

Reviewer: Will they be able to handle this by creating separate branches and working on the README at the same time? Just want to make sure they've done a demo where they've edited the same file, as someone asked about that in office hours last week.

> 1. Introduction    
>    - Problem statement : what is the issue?    
>    - Background and motivation : why should we care?    
> 1. Intervention
>    - Market failure : what particular mechanism is your intervention trying to fix?
>    - Theory of change : why is your intervention going to fix it?
>    - Relevance : what will we learn from your intervention beyond its own impact?
> 1. Measurement
>    - Design : what is the research design?
>    - Data : how will you measure outcomes?
>    - Complications : what issues and complications do you foresee?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Introduction    
   - Problem statement: What is the issue? The issue cannot be "people are poor" or "resources are insufficient".
   - Background and motivation: Why should we care? What are the research and knowledge implications of trying to solve this problem?  
1. Intervention
   - Market failure: What mechanism is your intervention trying to use to improve the situation? As above, it cannot be "relaxing resource constraints" -- there must be an _economic_ possibility as to why existing resources are being used _inefficiently_.
   - Theory of change: How is your intervention going to fix the market failure? What are the testable implications of results, including null results?
   - Relevance: What will we learn from your intervention beyond its local impact? What are some other situations in which that knowledge can be used?
1. Measurement
   - Design: What is the research design? Who are the research subjects? Which are the comparison groups?
   - Data: How will you measure outcomes? How will you collect information? How much information will you collect? From who?
   - Complications: What issues and complications do you foresee? What is the timeline? When will you have results?
```
